3.0	Free addition does not give you the majority of the product features listed. Payment of 2.99 is required for full activation. I think Surf City Apps should be more open about this. Product seems good but this disappointed me.
3.0	when I listen to this womans voice I fall asleep and wake up and the program is done. I am told at the start that even though I fall asleep my sub consicous will absorb the program and I will benefit from the program
3.0	It's okay. I used it for awhile to see if I wanted to recommend it to clients, but decided not to at this time. I wanted to search for other self-esteem hypnosis meditations.
1.0	I paid for the full app. No audio. Only here the background sounds. The voice of the hypnosis instructor is missing. I want a $3.00 credit from Amazon!!!!
5.0	I only listened to it once and it made me feel better about myself. I know as I hear it over and over again, it will make a big difference.
1.0	I am giving it a 1 star because it was free but app would not open so I do not know more about it
4.0	I am just starting out with meditation and I like this. It focuses on self-esteem.
4.0	I really should listen to this during the day I listen at night and fall asleep
1.0	Don't waste your time. This is a "story," not hypnosis.
4.0	This really works well and helps me to relax.
3.0	I think it's working
5.0	It good
2.0	great
5.0	Awesome.....
1.0	Piss poor!
4.0	I realize that this app has received rather poor reviews and few stars. Therefore, I felt complelled to add my review. I have been working through extensive psychological issues with a therapist over the last year. In order to help me deal with anxiety and depression, my therapist suggested using online apps to aid in my therapy. I began with the Surf City apps due to their being free, and the over all feel of the apps. I noticed more positive feelings after three days and after a week of the the combined apps of: sleep, depression and anxiety, I began having positve affirming dreams. (I am a vivid dreamer and have NEVER had the self-assured, life affirming dreams like I do now). I added in the self-esteem app just last week, a few months after using the others. At first I thought it was odd and I didn't like it. But I gave it another try. And another. I got into it and felt it and then I began having the strongest dreams yet. Dreams in which I was confident and successful and happy. And I began waking with the same feelings.I also want to point out that I fall asleep nearly every time unless I make a conscious effort to stay awake.I still have all of the positive feelings and effects.When I am in full anxiety mode, if I use an app, I will calm down and my blod pressure decreases almost immediately.This self-esteem app IS an odd method of delivery because it is a very odd story. BUT it is also highly effective.
