I gave up after attempting to look at two recipes and both times being given lengthy videos to watch that didn't relate to the topic. This is about 80% adware. Complete junk
This book has a lot of recipes that are similar to what you find in an indian restaurant.Many recipes with the Masala and Curry flavorings which I love so much. This book is not limited to main dishes, but also has a lot of desert and drink recipes in it too. I highly recommend this to anyone that loves authentic Indian food. You can now make it yourself.
Great recipes for many different types of Indian food. Easy to navigate and you can save the recipes you like for easy access. Overall this is a very helpful app for cooking.
Video quality is not very good, nor could I hear or understand clearly the person cooking OR hosting.
terrible the contributers can be foung on Youtube and most are not very good cooks.
All best chef from India is there. Love it
Great!! Thank you!
Very nice!
sweet heat
Thanks!
great
ok.
Okay, but not an elaborate cookbook. Nice to have it mobile though very limited to the very minimal amount of recipes. Nice idea though, hope they improve and expand on this concept of app cookbooks.
I have enjoyed the recipes and you can't beat the price. The choice and variety of vegetarian dishes is very satisfactory. If you are new to Indian cooking, locate an Indian grocery store before reading this book.
useless, I deleted it after about 2 minutes
didnt have the recipe i was looking for.
I like Indian cooking but this app dose not help or do a good job, very little ideals in the recipes and is very poor
the recipes are okay it does not get adventurous at one end and overly simplistic at the other,just about average
Recipes look good and easy and I havent as yet had a chance to try them. The Indian beef looks really good as does the samosa.
The recipes are short and simple to make. This book takes a long time to upload on my droid. The recipes show up 3 at a time.
This book has some really good recipes. Was very easy to read. I was not disappointed I was looking for curry food.
