My Baby loves it, it is great for daddy and baby time. Dad singing and baby trying to sing is very entertaining.
My 3 month old grand-daughter loves this. The music and animation really holds her attention. I think she'll enjoy it for months to come.
Toddler loves this. Also added product to my phone. Eentertains her while waiting in line or in doctor's office, etc.
My 18 month old seems to really like these. It grabs her attention for at least a few minutes. There isn't much to do but you can set the pages to turn automatically and she can tap the songs over and over again. Even my 4 yr old wanted to watch it and it highlights the words as they sing so it's good for her since she is starting to learn how to read.
I have all the Fisher-Price apps on all my devices. The great thing about the kindle is there are less accidental closing of the app by our daughter. Thanks to the person who put the power button on the back of the kindle. My daughter loves the dog and is even follow the words with her finger. She's about 16 months so I think that's pretty impressive.
He loves to watch the animals play around the screen the sing the songs... It allows you to put in your child's name so that it says it is his or her book in the title...
My 25 month old daughter was going through the fire department and the frog app store in time for rent.
We love this app, it is very nice, interactive and a great sing along tool. My 2.5 year old can sit and sing the songs all day and have someone to sing with her. We like this, it keeps her busy for a good 30-45 mins.
My 1-year old loves these songs on my Kindle, but hates when I have to change to another app because I've grown tired of the 2 songs being played repeatedly. I would love if FP put out one that has a bunch of rhymes together.
This was a cute app for my little 1 &amp; half year old who always wants to play his big brothers games, now he has his own.
If you have any of their toys, you and your child will recognize the voice in this app. Great interactive play, adorable graphics, and great for babies and toddlers alike.
My baby girls gets tons of fun and learns while she plays... Excellent App for babies and toddlers who tend to be explorers
My three month old watches this during tummy time. He was frustrated and cryed during tummy time until I found this app. Now tummy time is fun and he is laughing snd spending more time on his tummy which helps him get stronger. Yay!
This item is a plus for my son who is just 1yr and 4mths old today.All I have to do is just turn on the kindle and he knows where to find his apps.It helps him to react with his father and I.
I downloaded this for my 3 yr. old son to my Kindle Fire. He really enjoys the rhymes and songs. I like how it progresses at his speed and wont continue until he turns the page.
My son started using the Fisher Price apps at around 16 months old and absolutely loves them. The apps are easy to maneuver and very toddler friendly. He chooses them on his own and knows how to go between.
I've said over and over that Fischer Price's apps are the best, and this is no exception. Truly the best toddler education, play, and learning apps I've seen.
very cute, my 17 month old loves this app. Wish it had more than two songs on each app though
Storybook Rhymes is a little misleading. It contains songs that rhyme. That said, the songs are toddler appropriate and entertaining.
My two year old plays this with music and with song to her command. My eldest daughter likes how personal it is to her sister. Wish their were two more books added to it.
very short app. thought it would be better. 2yr old grandson likes it but only for that short time. not a rhyme that he listens to over and over.
I got this for when I babysit my neice. It definitely helps a lot when she is starting to get fussy. She likes the sounds and graphics a lot. It gets her attention pretty easily.
I really enjoy how my daughter can navigate through this book on her own. The tunes are catchy and the graphics are great. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Wished that there are more than 2 songs. Otherwise, it is like Storybook Rhymes that the child is able to touch and flip the page. Only compliant I have is that it lets the Android escape button remain at the bottom of the screen that the child can easily touch and stop the program.
Again, just like the other fisher price apps, this is an excellent app that your child will enjoy! I love to see the smile on my daughters face when i click on the app.
This series is fun and interactive! My daughter enjoys watching them over and over! She especially loves row row row your boat! She loves the dog in the boat!
My 14month old loves the music and images this app does. I wish it had more than two songs but think it is still a great app for Dr. appointments, plan rides, or anything where you need to keep their attention for a while.
I really appreciate when apps for preschoolers are offered for free. This one from FP is entertaining, educational, and interactive enough for my 3yr old. It's also not too long which is good because young ones have such short attention spans. We are able to enjoy this app together.
Probably one of my toddler's favorite apps, I have installed this app on both my phone and tablet. He really likes the stories and songs that go with them. Perfect for dining out!
I have 3 of these books, and my 5-month old likes all of them, but she goes crazy over "The Animal Fair". I think it's all the colors and shapes.
My 3 year old granddaughter loves all the of the Fisher Price nursery rhymes like this one.Very easy to use and navigate :)
My 3 yr old great grand daughter loves to put these on my Kindle Fire and sing away..
My almost two year old watches this over and over and loves to play the songs
My five month old baby loves it. It helps her calm down when she gets up set
I liked it when it works, but it refuses to for months. I got rid of it.
My 2 year old loves it wish it had more than 2 nursery rhymes per app.
My 1yr old &amp; 4yr old just love these Fisher price apps they play with the tablet together and dance to the songs
Bought this for my 10 month old niece healing for surgery. She loves it. But I was very surprised that my 3 year old spent a long time replaying it over and over. Needs to be played where the volume can be used.
Grandson enjoyed the music and animations. Redundant but good for children under 2. Liked it because when grandson is gone I can delete it .
My grandson loved this one because he is at the age (10 months old) he touches and pats everything and that's how this application works. It reads, plays the music and signs booth books at the touch of a hand or finger. It changes the pages automatically while the child doesn't know he's controlling it.
my kids enjoy this very much, songs n colors are very exciting. very nice application as kids can learn n play with it.
I'm guessing here - it's for my Grandson, not me
it stops on occasion however it is a decent app
this app works great and very easy to use.
MY TWO YEAR OLD LOVES TO PLAY WITH APP
My daughter is obsessed with this game
Iv been happy with the service so far
Fisher price baby apps are amazing!
Very fun, my twins enjoy this app!
Our granddaughter loves the songs
very good app for 12 month and up
Like the song and my kid loves it
I love it and the baby does too!
My son watches this everyday !
My daughter loves this game
My granddaughter loves this
Love this so does my kiddo
Kids love it
It's funny
This is a perfect 15 minute distraction for younger children. I had 4 todders (1-4 years old) singing the songs with me when I played it for them. Those that hadn't hear the words before learned them very quickly.
My nephew loves this and Vol 1 of the Storybook Rhymes. Greating learning tool and fun to sing along with.
My one year old Love this app. It is fun and engaging. Like the way there is two different ways to play.
My baby adores these stories. The songs and the charters movements hold her attention for several minutes at a time
Finally an app a 1yr old can enjoy...it's not too busy...it's cute, easy to remember the songs &amp; most of all a great teaching tool. My son is 16 months now &amp; he has demonstrated so much learning just off these FP apptivities!
Love it
great
great
great
Love
Like
Fun
fun
I have 3 of the Fisher Price apps and my 19 month old son love all of them. I tried looking for more but did not find any. I'd even pay for these apps, The free Fisher Price apps are awesome.The Animal Fair nursery rhyme is too cute. The colors, volume and animation is top notch!
My 14th month old knows how to start this app because it is simple and easy to use. Love it! Great for toddlers.
I love it! Great for babies and toddlers great download and works great on my Kindle Fire HD! Has two books for kids to have read to them or play!
My son really likes this. Me is 18 months. But this only has 2 books/songs on it. Love the idea just not enough to do. But what do you get for free?..
The storybook rhymes volume 2 from Fisher Price is one of our two year old's favorites. This series of games sets a standard in the 18 month to 4 year old category. Each game has brightly drawn characters and illustrations, educational components like counting, ABCs, sing-a-longs, and obviously touch interactions.Would definitely recommend to parents for download, especially when traveling or in a longer car ride.
baby likes it. I just wish it was a bigger app with more songs instead of having download a bunch of apps.
The animated rhymes volume 2 has kept my 5 month old granddaughter delighted and entertained when she is ready for a nap.
very happy book great colorskeep interest in very young childrenI would tell everyone to buy all books like this
Wonderful app for babies and toddlers. It allows them to play while singing along with the songs. Its free!!! Get it now and u will love it too.
The stories are very cute and my son likes to flip through and sing along with it. He seems to enjoy the rhymes and I'm glad that he does.
My grandson loves this! He sings along with it. Nice learning tool for young children. He loves the music and colors.
My kids love all of the fisher price apps! I have this app on all of my devices and it keeps my twin toddlers giggling.
I didn't realize it only has 2 songs on it. My 1 year old granddaughter loves it and even knows how to turn the page on my Kindle.
This app is very simple, doesn't have a whole lot to it. But, there are several free versions, and my 11 month old loves it!
very good and interactive book that reads to child and sings song at the end of the book my daughter loves these books.
My two year old loves these book. He plays them over and over again. I love that it highlights the word as it says it.
Fisher Price makes great FREE apps for kids, and this one is no different. We have it downloaded on my Kindle, iPhone and iPad. She loves it. It's part of a set of three apps that read popular nursery rhymes as a story then sing them out as a song. This one contains Row, Row, Row Your Boat &amp; Animal Fair. My 9 month old daughter loves these and if they keep her happy, I'm happy! Animal Fair is her favorite of all six of the songs available in the three apps in this collection. We have the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader for the iPhone. I wish they made a similar product for Kindle.
My toddler likes this app, probably better for 3+ due to content but still great visually and keeps her interested.
My granddaughter who is 15 months absolutely loves this app. I highly recommend this app and every Fischer Price app.
If you are looking for fun interactive learning this is it. My son loves it and he knows all the words to the songs.
Very happy with all the Fisher Price apps. They are easy to play with your child and educational.
I downloaded a bunch of these games for my little girl to play some of them are good some not
