As the Pogo app does not work on the Kindle (Fire HD or HDX) I was looking for one of my favorite games - Word Whomp. This is definitely not close to Word Whomp.Pros:Fast paced word game - you are given a line of letter tiles that you swipe to bring down to a blank line - moves easily downGood variation of letters and potential combinationsCons:No graphics at all - just letters and a running score on the top of the screenNot easy to change a letter on the line - if you hit the X you clear the entire word - was not able to swipe the wrong letter back upIt is a good game to kill a bit of time - moves easily and fast.Disappointed as I really love Pogo Games and am not able to play them on the Kindle(s)
For some reason,I cannot play Pogo Word Whomp on My new Samsung S5. I played it for a few days and then it went to black screen after the EA came up. This game sucks because as soon as you make a word, all letters change...no fun!
Love it, I cant say enough about this game, if you love word games then this is a must have in my humble opinion. its easy to figure out and use from the moment you turn it on
I was looking for Word Whomp by Pogo that has the obnoxious little gophers. I suppose this game is pretty much the same, but just not as fun with graphics.
Like it a lot.
I thought it would be like the Word Whomp on the Pogo site. This one is not even close. It should not be allowed to call itself by the same name. Very disappointing!
Would not download to my Samsung Galaxy S4, so I never even got to try it.
Very simple game, old fashioned, but sometimes those are the best!
don't like this version compared to the desktop word womp game
I have android, this was for kindle only
Good way to keep the brain functioning.
Love the challenge of this word game!
Does not work on android tablet.
Never downloaded to my Kindle
Did not enjoy this one.
Good game. Addictive.
Love it it's adictive
Wife enjoys the game.
Boring after 1 minute
Not what I expectex
It's a nice version of word womp but hardly pogo. I was ok with that though it a annoyed me you couldn't just erase a letter it does the whole word. My biggest problem is it is just so slow and when it makes the sounds to say you spelled a word it annoyingly sounds like it's having trouble playing it.
love it
awful
it is not as good or as fun as what I get on pogo. you play alone and not with other people. It's good it was free
I like playing against someone. This game you just play for yourself. I kept it. I still play the game.
The pogo version of word whomp is better. It's easier to play and more fun to play, plus you get tokens.
ok
this is not the word whomp i wanted
Was stupid.
sucks
For what it is, a matching word game, I think it keeps your brain hopping, these days as you get older, you need all the help you can get
This is NOT Pogo Word Whomp, which is what I searched for, not even similar, so if this is what you want, save your time.
The name of this app led me to believe it was a different game so I was a bit disappointed.
Didn't like the game. It wasn't what I thought was going to be. For some it would be a great game just not me
This is not the Word Whomp I am used to playing and didn't like it at all. Have already deleted it.
love the game, very fun to play good app. i play it almost daily fun to play when you need to kill time
