While my 2 yr old enjoyed the erasing the smoke feature, only half the animals had sounds. And since she can't read yet it would have been helpful if they said the animal's name instead of writing it. The quiz portion is useless.
I let my son get every educational game on the kindle that is free. I love that he enjoys playing these games and is learning from them in the process.
Really cute. My 1.5yr old enjoys wiping the screen to uncover the animal. Only problem is 1/2 the time the animals don't make sounds.
My 3 year old likes this game alot, he loves removing the fog with his finger and hearing the animals sound.The only con, although minor, is that it some times takes to long to come up with the animals name after you have removed all of the fog.This is a good free bee!
not what I expected a little more mediocre.
Great. My kids loved it.
My grandson loves animals and this game has pictures of real ones. As we were tapping the screen the picture began to reveal itself. My grandson realized if he just rubbed really fast he could see the picture much quicker. We had a great time!
My 4-yr-old loves hearing the animals and trying to figure out which one it is. I am upset with the fact that I bought the full version but now it's telling me I have to buy it again. I don't know if it's an Amazon problem or a romeLab problem.
Not too happy, I couldn't loar this in my samsung tablet, the app store complained about my paymen method any time (and I buy all in Amazon) so no reason for that disconfort.
My 18 month old seriously loves this! He digs the music and has learned a few animals. It has only crashed a few times on my kindle, which is more than I can say for some games!
Fun
Quiet. This app has a good reveal tech unique for the pictures. But no sounds unless we went Ba k to the very beginning and started again. Even then we could only get sounds rarely. Not the game that was described, so no upgrade for us. Jasey &amp; Mimi
My three year old girl has a great time playing and learning about animals. Very good developed. Fun colors and graphics
pretty basic game to introduce you to abcmouse.com. does not compare to the full website. my daughter dropped it after abt 5 min.
My 2 year old was bored from this game in about 1 minute. She had zero interest, even after I tried showing her more.
ehh its ok but not the best game for 11 year Ole's but is super fun for my 6 year old:)
